Replace `docker-compose` (V1) with `docker compose` (V2) (#490)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/advanced/running-iroha-on-bare-metal.md

## Deploy a minimal BFT network

Both of the following approaches could be messy and error-prone, which is why the [Quick Start](../get-started/quick-start.md) tutorial suggests using the `docker compose` command.

> tutorial uses `docker compose`. However, this brings you closer to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this brings you closer to the
```

## Deploy a minimal BFT network

> Both of there approaches are messy and error-prone, which is why the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both of the following approaches could be messy and error-prone, which is why the [Quick Start](../get-started/quick-start.md) tutorial suggests using the `docker compose` command.
```
